Updating info on account reviews (#11460)
polarsource/polar: docs/support.mdx

## Merchant Account Reviews

> Account reviews are typically performed within <7 days, but can take up to 14 days to complete, depending on volume, weekends, and holidays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account reviews are typically performed within 7 days, but can take up to 14 days to complete, depending on volume, weekends, and holidays.
```

> More information on Account Reviews and the process can be found in our [Account Review Documentation](https://polar.sh/docs/merchant-of-record/account-reviews)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information on our account reviewal process can be found in our [Account Reviews documentation](https://polar.sh/docs/merchant-of-record/account-reviews)
```
